[Music] we have
another click on you sent me
that also has to do with Gemma we just
saw precisely a click that
had to do with Gemma that I told you
that Havana chaos to Gema if not the one who is
already there it is because they can't because of some the one who
but for some reason they can't kick her out
okay
and
[Music]
and what I do know is that if they don't kick her out they
will ambush her so that she has to
okay
I am
[Applause]
look he put the click of 'Jorge
giving her a hard time
[Music] we
will have to do Sálvame then
tell me that it is another program where we only
talk about the information we do not debate
among ourselves we do not say well you and I and
the bench already the lazy cha already but I am going to
put the I am going to put the lie back
in the clip I
was already saying what we have all
been saying for a year I
was already saying what we have all been
saying for a year
if you want simply give the
information that you dear ones and we do not
debate or give opinions or anything
now that I know been saved  to me but
suddenly I do it and it sounds like I
'm playing in another league to my
grandmother place we've all played all our
lives to me it's changed but it's that
since her career has entered that
since they made those agreements you are no longer
playing the same game that you have
played your whole life you can no longer have an opinion gema you
have to agree with whoever
wants in it the fact that replicas
of that matamoros don't I can't tell me it was
n't striking what I
liked already massive that knowing you
as you are professionally and well and
above all personally that
regardless of the fact that the contract is in the
name of a company in which the
administration administrator forgive him is
Mariano's brother Raquel Bollo's partner
the contract for Raquel Boyo I was
talking about the rental contract
personally that regardless of the fact
that the contract is in the name of a
company in which the administration
administrator forgive him is Mariano's brother Raquel Bollo's
partner it
no longer seems like Raquel Bollo's brother Mariano's brother it
seems like that one the administrator is
the brother of Raquel Bollo's partner
or  be the rental contract is made in the
name of the company of the society
I
considered that this is not striking to
turn it into news that has a
quote directly involves
in news the fact that
from the rental contract
from that bar in the name of the
company in the name of the brother-in-law
that tells us because to me that seems
private be imagine that I endorse
admitted that issued has to buy
a house and asks for a guarantee and endorsed it I
have to inform the people would be
news
shows a reading that is not what I have
said the reading that you are taking
no clear I have said that this is wrong I have
said that I think Raquel knows this
yes but I have also said that I think that the
debt in this house in particular is limited to
this
throughout the afternoon right now I am not going
to talk I know that the three of us would stay
chatting they
are already pointing at Gemma directly
look how they do not talk about
Rocío Carrasco abandoning her son it
will be that no that is not news
that is not news well or both if they
let me speak but if you have been
stopping me all the time
but  gems you're not mad at me no no
but I want to have that same
freedom to be able to keep working
so I can say what I think and the rest of us
do it too ha ha ha
oh patiño as it's seen the duster should
know that the rest of us
do it too don't go saying that the rest of us
don't have freedom and we're giving our opinions
what they ask of us it's
done more he's saying I want to
have the freedom to be able to give our opinions what
I really think no
and patiño says we have to separate them from
masters we do
as they say unsolicited excuse how
is it like he always forgets me
unsolicited excuse accusation manifests
something like that it was no
if you don't call yourself a denialist and I do
but if I'm defending myself and not you who
always want to pass do
n't they fire her for something I don't know why but
if they don't fire her for whatever it is
because he has a bigger contract
or whatever they'll set
her up with paz padilla
until she leaves and they can grab
another one for dismissal
okay
[Music]